1. AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam results are reported as a score from 100-1,000. What is the minimum

passing score?

650

700

850

900
Answer:b
2. Which domains are included on the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam? (Select TWO.)

Strategy: Think back to the exam domains that were reviewed earlier in this module. Based on the domains that you recall learning about, which response options do you think that you can eliminate as incorrect?

Security and Compliance

Automation and Optimization

Monitoring and Reporting

Billing and Pricing

Deployment and Provisioning
Answer :a and c



Final assessment

1. Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing?

A service that enables you to set up, manage, and scale a distributed in memory or cache environment in the cloud

A service that monitors your applications and automatically adds or removes capacity from your resource

groups in response to changing demand Aservice that distributes incoming traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances

Aservice that provides data that you can use to monitor your applications, optimize resource utilization, and respond to system-wide performance changes
Answer:c
2. You want to send and receive messages between distributed application components. Which service should you

use?

Amazon Route 53

AWS Snowball

Amazon ElastiCache.

Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
Answer:d
3. Which compute option reduces costs when you commit to a consistent amount of compute usage for a 1 year or

3 year term?

Reserved Instances

Spot Instances

Savings Plans

Dedicated Hosts

4. Which tool is used to automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts?

AWS Command Line Interface

Amazon Redshift

Amazon QLDB

AWS Snowball

3. Which compute option reduces costs when you commit to a consistent amount of compute usage for a 1 year or

3 year term?

Reserved Instances

Spot Instances

Savings Plans

Dedicated Hosts
Answer : a
4. Which tool is used to automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts?

AWS Command Line Interface

Amazon Redshift

Amazon QLDB

AWS Snowball
Answer:a

5. Which statement best describes an Availability Zone?

A separate geographical location with multiple locations that are isolated from each other A fully isolated portion of the AWS global infrastructure

0000 The server from which Amazon CloudFront gets your files

A site that Amazon CloudFront uses to cache coples of content for faster delivery to users at any location
Answer: b
6. Which action can you perform in Amazon CloudFront?

Run infrastructure in a hybrid cloud approach.

Provision resources by using programming languages or a text file.

Provision an isolated section of the AWS Cloud to launch resources in a virtual network that you define

Deliver content to customers through a global network of edge locations.
Answer:d
7. Which virtual private cloud (VPC) component controls inbound and outbound traffic for Amazon EC2 instances?

Security group

Network access control list

Internet gateway

Subnet
Answer: a
8. Which component or service enables you to establish a dedicated private connection between your data center and virtual private cloud (VPC)?

Virtual private gateway

AWS Direct Connect

Amazon CloudFront

Internet gateway

Answer:b
9. Which actions can you perform in Amazon Route 53? (Select TWO.)

Access AWS security and compliance reports and select online agreements.

Connect user requests to infrastructure in AWS and outside of AWS.

Automate the deployment of workloads into your AWS environment.

Monitor your applications and respond to system-wide performance changes

Manage DNS records for domain names.
Answer: b and e
10. You want Amazon $3 to monitor your objects' access patterns. Which storage class should you use?

Amazon 53 Glacier Flexible Retrieval

Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering

Amazon S3 Standard-IA
Answer:c

11. In the S3 Intelligent Tiering storage class, Amazon S3 moves objects between a frequent access tier and an infrequent access tier. Which storage classes are used for these tiers? (Select TWO.)

Amazon S3 Standard-IA

Amazon 53 Glacier Flexible Retrieval

Amazon S3 Standard

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive

Amazon S3 One Zone-IA

0000 Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
Answer: a and c
12. You want to store data in a volume that is attached to an Amazon EC2 instance. Which service should you use?

AWS Lambda

Amazon ElastiCache

Ander EBS ( b)
13. Which tasks are the responsibilities of AWS? (Select TWO.)

Creating IAM users and groups

Maintaining virtualization infrastructure

Training company employees on how to use AWS services

Configuring AWS infrastructure devices

Configuring security groups on Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: b and c
14. Which service enables you to consolidate and manage multiple AWS accounts from a central location?

AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)

AWS Artifact

AWS Organizations

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer:c
15. Which statement best describes Amazon GuardDuty?

Aservice that provides intelligent threat detection for your AWS infrastructure and resources A service that checks applications for security vulnerabilities and deviations from security best practices

A service that helps protect your applications against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks

OA service that lets you monitor network requests that come into your web applications
Answer:a

16. Which AWS Trusted Advisor category includes checks for high utilization EC2 instances?

Cost Optimization

Security

Performance

Fault Tolerance
Answer:c
17. Which service enables you to review details for user activities and API calls that have occurred within your AWS

environment?

AWS Cloud Trail

Amazon CloudWatch

AWS Trusted Advisor

Amazon Inspector
Answer:a


18. Which tool enables you to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time?

AWS Pricing Calculator

AWS Cost Explorer

AWS Artifact

AWS Budgets
Answer: b
19. Which Support plans include access to all AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select TWO.)

Developer

Basic

Business

Enterprise

AWS Free Tier
Answer: c and d
21. Which service is used to quickly deploy and scale applications on AWS?

AWS Outposts

AWS Snowball

AWS Elastic Beanstalk

Amazon CloudFront
Answer:c
Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on recovering IT workloads to meet the requirements of your business stakeholders?

Operations Perspective

Governance Perspective

Business Perspective

People Perspective
Answer: c

23. Which migration strategy involves changing how an application is architected and developed, typically by using cloud-native features?

Rehosting

Refactoring

Replatforming

Repurchasing
Answer:b

24. Which service enables you to build the workflows that are required for human review of machine learning

predictions?

Amazon Augmented Al

Amazon Aurora

Amazon Lex

Amazon Textract
Answer:a
25. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on using computing resources in ways that meet

system requirements?

Security

Operational Excellence

Performance Efficiency

Reliability
Answer:c

26. You want to store data in a key-value database. Which service should you use?

Amazon RDS

Amazon Aurora.

Amazon DynamoDB

Amazon DocumentDB
Ans :c
27. You are running an Amazon EC2 instance and want to store data in an attached resource. Your data is temporary and will not be kept long term. Which resource should you use?

Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
Subnet

Instance store

Amazon S3 bucket
Answer:b
28. Which service is used to transfer up to 80 PB of data to AWS?

AWS DeepRacer

AWS Snowmobile

Amazon Neptune

Amazon Cloudfront.
Answer:b
29. Which statement is TRUE for AWS Lambda?

To use AWS Lambda, you must configure the servers that run your code.

You pay only for compute time while your code is running. The first step in using AWS Lambda is provisioning a server.

Before using AWS Lambda, you must prepay for your estimated compute time.
Answer:b
30. Which service is used to run containerized applications on AWS?

0000 To use AWS Lambda, you must configure the servers that run your code.

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)

Amazon Redshift

Amazon SageMaker

Amazon Aurora
Answer:A

