Module 3
Which statement is TRUE for the AWS global infrastructure?

A Region consists of a single Availability Zone.

An Availability Zone consists of two or more Regions

A Region consists of two or more Availability Zones.

An Availability Zone consists of a single Region.
Answer: c
2. Which factors should be considered when selecting a Region? Select TWO.

Compliance with data governance and legal requirements Access to the AWS Command Line interface (AWS CLI)

Ability to assign custom permissions to different users

Access to 24/7 technical support

Proximity to your customers
Answer: a and d

3. Which statement best describes Amazon Cloudfront?

A service that enables you to run infrastructure in a hybrid cloud approach A serverless compute engine for containers

A service that enables you to send and receive messages between software components through a queue

global content delivery service
Answer: d

4. Which site does Amazon CloudFront use to cache coples of content for faster delivery to users at any location?

Region

Availability Zone Edge location

Origin
Answer:c
5. Which action can you perform with AWS Outposts?

Automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts

Access wizards and automated workflows to perform tasks in AWS services.

Develop AWS applications in supported programming languages

Extend AWS infrastructure and services to your on-premises data center
Answer:d

Module 4:
1. Your company has an application that uses Amazon EC2 instances to run the customer facing website and

Amazon RDS database instances to store customers personal information. How should the developer configure

the VPC according to best practices? Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet and the Amazon RDS database instances in a public

subnet

Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet and the Amazon RDS database instances in a private

subnet.

Place the Amazon EC2 instances and the Amazon RDS database instances in a private subnet.

Place the Amazon EC2 instances and the Amazon RDS database instances in a public subnet.
Answer: b
2. Which component can be used to establish a private dedicated connection between your company's data centes and AWS?

AWS Direct Connect

Virtual private gateway

DNS

Private subnet
Answer: s
3. Which statement best describes security groups?

They are stateful and deny all inbound traffic by default.

They are stateful and allow ati inbound traffic by default.

They are stateless and deny all inbound traffic by default.

They are stateless and allow all inbound traffic by default.

Answer: a
4. Which component is used to connect a VPC to the internet?

internet gateway

Security group

Edge location

Public subnet
Answer:a

5. Which service is used to manage the DNS records for domain names?

Amazon Virtual Private Cloud

AWS Direct Connect

Amazon CloudFront

Amazon Route 53
Answer:d