Which Amazon $3 storage classes are optimized for archival data? Select TWO,

Amazon S3 Standard

Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval

Amazon S3 intelligent-Tiering

Amazon S3 Standard-IA

Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Answer:  b and e
2. Which statement or statements are TRUE about Amazon EBS volumes and Amazon EFS file systems?

EBS volumes store data within a single Availability Zone. Amazon EFS file systems store data across multiple

Availability Zones.

EBS volumes store data across multiple Availability Zones. Amazon EFS file systems store data within a single Availability Zone.

EBS volumes and Amazon EFS file systems both store data within a single Availability Zone.

EBS volumes and Amazon EFS file systems both store data across multiple Availability Zones
Answer: a

3. You want to store data in an object storage service. Which AWS service is best for this type of storage?

Amazon Managed Blockchain

Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)

Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
Answer: d
4. Which statement best describes Amazon DynamoDB?

A service that enables you to run relational databases in the AWS Cloud

A serverless key-value database service

A service that you can use to migrate relational databases, nonrelational databases, and other types of data

Stores

An enterprise-class relational database
Answer: b

5. Which service is used to query and analyze data across a data warehouse?

Amazon Redshift

Amazon Neptune

Amazon DocumentDB

Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: a

Module 6

1. Which statement best describes an IAM policy?

An authentication process that provides an extra layer of protection for your AWS account

An identity that you can assume to gain temporary access to permissions

0000 A document that grants or denies permissions to AWS services and resources

The identity that is established when you first create an AWS account
Answer; b 

2. An employee requires temporary access to create several Amazon S3 buckets. Which option would be the best choice for this task?

AWS account root user

IAM group

IAM role

Service control policy (SCP)
Answer:c
3. Which statement best describes the principle of least privilege?

Adding an IAM user into at least one IAM group

Granting only the permissions that are needed to perform specific tasks

0000 Checking a packet's permissions against an access control list

Performing a denial of service attack that originates from at least one device


Answer: c
4. Which service helps protect your applications against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks?

Amazon GuardDuty

Amazon Inspector

AWS Artifact

AWS Shield
Answer: d

5. Which task can AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) perform?

Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA).

Update the AWS account root user password.

Create cryptographic keys.

Assign permissions to users and groups.
Answer: c